---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-14T20:52:44.955Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-14T20:52:29.464Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-14-1ee15933-6d91-44cd-a7cb-29eff5f96554.md
published: true
url: 1ee15933-6d91-44cd-a7cb-29eff5f96554/index.html
_type: Article

---
Ben Slater

Ben is the founding Art Director for the award winning Glass Magazine - an international publication based around fashion, culture and the arts. Glass recently celebrated its 5th birthday, a seminal moment at the forefront of honest, sustainable journalism and design. He currently also holds the position of Art Director for WeTheUrban Magazine, a cutting edge viral Tumblr magazine led by one of the youngest Editor-in-Chiefs in history, the spirited Willie Greene.

Alongside this, Ben is currently graphic designer for a number of Richie Hawtin's exciting projects which include ENTER. and CNTRL and designs for Plastikman and Minus. He is also is designer for the innovative music technology company Liine, which has seen him work on a number of releases designing user interfaces, graphic design & branding.

Previous projects Ben has worked on include: founding Art Director for WOUND Magazine, founding branding designer for BRIC Magazine, graphics manager for a leading London architecture practice and lead graphic designer for a regional newspaper. He also has designed for numerous art and music commissions including the publicity for the renowned firefly music events, and established the unique graphical style for nocturnal art salon Tescodisco. He founded the Photowhisk art collective and worked as the graphic designer for Outfield music events in Berlin.